All right, so now we move on to generics.
Wikipedia describes generic programming as the following.
Generic programming is a style of computer programming in which
algorithms are written in terms of types to be specified later
that are then instantiated
when needed for specific types provided as parameters.
And the link, you can see on screen there is also in the resource section, so grab that if you want more detail.
Basically, it stands from this definition
that a generic class or generic method
would then contain at least one type to be specified later.
Genomics were introduced to Java in SE 5.0
to support just such a class or method.
So, in the next bunch of videos in this section, I'm going to start discussing generic classes,
generic methods, and using wildcards when using them.
So, let's move on to the next video.